The Joe Rogan experience. That's why I get, so, I mean, if you,
Barack Obama's entire cabinet, uh, came from an email from city group.
Okay.
So people trying to say that somehow corruption started on January 20th when
the not 2017 are fooling themselves. And that's what I'm fighting against. Yes.
On my.
You are. And you're one of the only people doing that.
You're one of the only people that are online, that, that you, you're not,
you're not obligated to, to chill for the left. You're not,
you're not doing it, but everybody else seems to be.
I don't mean everybody else. If you're one of the people that are not like, you,
Joe Rogan. There's.
Just a handful of people who are not Joe. There's so few.
There's so few that are calling out people in the democratic party for what
really is going on.
Like I was infuriated when people that I knew that I was friends with were
trying to tell me that, that Hillary Clinton was a good choice.
And that's the same choice. I'm like, look,
I don't know if she's murdered people,
but I know that I worried that she's murdered people. That's a real,
I really wonder like this Seth, Seth rich.
I know, first of all, just leave. You don't even need to.
Go there. You know, you there's so many other things. There's.
So many other things that we'd know for a.
Fact, the Clinton foundation, for instance.
So the Iraq war, I I'm old enough Joe,
to remember when being for the Iraq war was a disqualifier in a democratic
primary I'm that's, that's where I'm from. That's why she lost to Barack Obama.
The first God time she ran. Right.
And all of a sudden we're supposed to now people like Joey Behar says that was a
long time ago. Forget about it. Why don't you go tell that to a soldiers, uh,
to a mother who's got a dead soldier. Why don't you go tell 'em at,
just died in illegal war?
Why don't you go tell that to a couple hundred thousand Iraqi who are dead get
over. It was a long time ago. You. Anyway. So I remember when that, that, uh,
also, uh, the bill Clinton was no friend to the working man. In fact,
he was this demise starting of the demise of this country. So at bill,
you know,
Ronald Reagan scared the out of the Democrat so much that he decided to become
like them. And so what bill Clinton did was he got in bed with wall street,
the military industrial complex pharma health insurance, and the Koch brothers.
He started a thing called the democratic leadership council with Al gore.
They had executives from the Koch brothers on the democratic leadership council.
They completely turned their back on the working man.
And what happens when you have two parties that are in bed with management,
you get Donald Trump and that's exactly what happened. They gutted welfare.
At the same time, they explored the prison. Popul called black kids,
super predators. At the same time they did NAFTA.
And then they deregulated wall street,
which crashed the economy within 10 years. That's what Democrats did.
Democrats did that Ronald Reagan could only dream about in his wet dreams.
They couldn't pass NAFTA. George Bush couldn't pass NAFTA.
It took bill Clinton to do it.
Bill Clinton gave the cover to the other for Democrats to go along with it.
So that was the beginning of the end for the working class in America. In fact,
now, you know,
I wouldn't vote for Hilary Clinton and that's why a lot of people on the left,
uh, came after me and they still do.
Well. It was confusing to me that you were saying, Hey,
if you want to vote for a real progressive, what about Jill Stein? Yeah.
If you vote.
For a party vote, here's a pro program.
You actually agree with the great new deal, right? So.
And we Don, but everybody's like, no, that's a, you're throwing away your vote.
Like how, how are you throwing away your vote?
So we all know for a fact,
because of the Wiki leagues emails that Hillary Clinton had a thing called the
PI Piper strategy, which what she told her minions in the press,
please prop up Donald Trump, prop him up.
Why did she want Donald Trump to be propped up?
Cuz she wanted to run against Donald Trump because she knew that, uh,
she was so repulsive to most of the country.
She needed someone who was more repulsive than her turns out.
That was a bad calculation. That was terrible calculation.
So that's called the PI Piper strategy and everybody, that's why the,
you turn on Chris Hayes and he would show Donald Trump's empty podium for an
hour instead of a Bernie Sanders.
And then he wags his finger at people with no money and no power for not voting
for a cist war Moner like Hillary Clinton. Who just, why,
why do you think the people in Michigan wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton?
Maybe cuz she put half of them in prison because she passed NAFTA and rock Obama
was trying to sell TPP at the top of his lungs. At the same time,
she was trying to get working people to vote for her.
They know what the was going on and that's why if the country doesn't vote,
but you're gonna wa their finger at the people who actually do vote,
who come out and vote their conscience and they don't prop up evil.
You know what? The voting lesser of two evil gets you, Donald Trump.
Well,
there's also a really sneaky thing that happens where you have two parties.
And one of 'em you think of as this conservative war monering party,
which automatically makes the other party, the, the enemy of that. Yeah, but.
They're not, they're not, well, we have two pro-war parties and that's the,
there's not an opposition party. They oppose Trump on the most ridiculous bull.
It,
they just voted for an extra 160 billion to go to the war machine 160 billion.
Let's remember Bernie Sanders wanted to pay for free college,
which was somewhere around 65 billion. So, and everybody said, he's crazy.
How you gonna pay for that? They just did that in a blink of an eye,
they passed 160 billion to a war machine that we don't have an enemy to fight.
You know, Russia spend 65 billion a year on their military.
There are paper tiger. We got no enemies out there.
We have to keep inventing them. And the last,
the last enemy they invented was ISIS. ISIS. I don't know if we're supposed to,
our pants over them, Joe, because they have kitchen knives.
They'll cut your head off with a kitchen knife.
That's what I'm supposed to be afraid of. What the, what it's it's it's amazing.
How can keep us scared so they can keep perpetual war going.
This is an or willing and nightmare.
And the Democrats right now should be screaming about the Pentagon budget,
but they're not screaming about it because they're complicit. They're in it.
And that's what's wrong with this country. That's why we can't have nice things.
So when, when they tell you that you, we are broke and we can't afford stuff,
they don't mean we can't afford trillion dollar wars, trillion, dollar bank,
bailout, billion, dollar oil subsidies, and prison construction.
That's not what they mean.
They mean we can't afford like healthcare or education or roads or bridges or
firemen or libraries or anything that makes your life better because whenever
they need bombs, they got it. Hey, we're broke for social security.
We're broke for Medicare. How about for bombs? Oh, we got bomb money.
We keep it right to our.
Drinking running because we're not really in a war in the sense of like world
war II or world war I we're in this weird war of
it's like a calculated war. They're all.
Economic wars, Joe. They're all. So we went into Iraq for of the, for the oil.
Libya is because he wanted to go off the Petro.
Dollar, but it is stunning. How much funding,
this kind of war gets versus all the different social programs that we need in
this country. Yes. Infrastructure programs.
Yes. We, and, and people always think like, well,
how are you gonna pay for that? We don't have to spend any more money.
We can actually spend lend less money. We don't have to spend.
And 750 billion a year on a military. That's bloated.
We have thousand bases around the con around the world.
We don't even know how many bases there are because lots of 'em are secret.
So what do you say to the argument that we need them in order to stay safe?
It's not true. <laugh> that's the big argument, right?
The big argument is this is the way we we've destroyed ISIS.
Cuz ISIS was on their way to building up invent.
We invented Al-Qaeda and then we invented ISIS. We certainly.
Aided in their development, their.
Development. And we, then we, we directly funded them. We.
Know the whole Mujahadeen story,
which was Osama bin Laden was our guy that's guy. He was, our guy was.
He was an anti, anti Russian, uh,
anti Russian freedom fighter is what they call bin Laden. Yeah.
And then all of a sudden they didn't need him anymore. So why?
And we're still in Afghanistan, 17 years later, three more years,
that war gets a gold watch. And.
What do they do? I mean, what, what do they do to get us out of there? I mean,
literally what is, what is exit strategy? There is, there.
Is no exit strategy, never was an exit strategy.
There's no exit from the mid east. In fact,
they just announced we're gonna be permanently in Syria. So, and by the way,
the Syrian war complete. Those gas attacks now have been completely debunked.
I didn't believe 'em the first time.
So what happened during those gas attacks?
So what that's called a false flag.
So what happens is they wanted the United States to come in on their side to
basad to overt the throw 'em right. And uh, so what they would do is a,
they would do a gas attack on their own people and then blame it on Asad.
And then, uh, has.
This been, this has been proven yes. That they did it.
Yes. And then, uh, Jesus Christ and the first time was in,
I think 2013 and Barack Obama wanted to bomb. And uh, and I, I knew it was.
Then. Do you.
Remember when everybody freaked out about that? That.
He didn't bomb them? Yeah. Remember he didn't get to bomb them.
Cause everybody was like, you. Yes. He goes,
let's put it to a vote in the Congress and the people don't want war. No.
So the people said, you. And he was like, Hmm, we're gonna do it anyway.
Guess what? They did it anyway. They bombed, they,
they dropped so many bombs on Syria. They ran outta bombs. That's its fact.
Right? So the air force was out of bombs, which year was this? They did.
So was it 2015 that they dropped so many bombs in the mid east.
They ran outta bombs. That's just a fact. Look it up.
Well, if you buy all these bombs, you, you gotta use them use 'em. I mean,
what are you gonna do with them? They're just gonna sit around.
And what if somebody accidentally sets one off while they in American soil, we.
Don't want that. We can't have that happen. We can't have that. So,
and here's the weird thing that the left is doing right now.
They're attacking Donald Trump from the right. And what do I mean by that?
So when they want, so they say Donald Trump is a Putin puppet.
And the only way you can prove you're not a Putin puppet is you gotta bomb
somebody. You gotta bombs Syria. Remember that? They were like, oh,
he's president today. Cuz he bombed Syria.
Remember that Brian Williams almost nutted in his pants.
Well he, all he bombed was airstrips.
So that's what they're saying. Right? So they go, oh, oh they bombed airstrips.
Oh you didn't, you bombed the old planes and not the new planes.
So what that is, you're attacking Donald Trump from the right. Right.
Because left people are supposed to be for Daytona and you're supposed to be
anti-war and anti um, anti empire. Right.
So when you attack Donald Trump and oh, you didn't really bomb them,
you're attacking them from the right.
You're saying he should be more alistic which is up.
Well, it supports the argument that everything is circular, right.
That as far right, as you get as far left, as you get,
you really come to some sort of strange ideological point like zero point. That.
Can't be true. But not in this instance because what's happening.
There is corporate right ring.
Democrats are attacking Trump for not being right enough.
What you're talking about is where I'm at,
where I'm anti-war and then there's also anti-war anti intervention as people on
the right. So a lot of people voted for Donald Trump because of that,
because he, he said was an anti interventionist.
He was gonna get us outta the middle east.
It was crazy to be there and bring our boys home and all.
And that's why a lot of people did vote for Trump because of that. Right.
And um, and that's why, uh,
a lot of people said they felt more comfortable voting for Trump cuz he was cuz
Hillary actually promised more war in Syria than he did. And we, and,
and that's turned out to be true, uh, because she wanted a no fly zone,
which means we're gonna shoot down a Russian jet. Are you crazy? Right. So, um,
I I'm on the I'm on the left.
Anti-war there's no anti-war movement in, in the country.
That's represented by a political party right now.
I.